Add description for admin_sequencerActive RPC endpoint (#1535)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/operators/node-operators/json-rpc.mdx

#### `admin_sequencerActive`

> Returns whether the sequencer is currently active. This endpoint can be used to check the current state of the sequencer process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the status of the sequencer. This endpoint provides real-time information about whether the sequencer is actively processing transactions.
```
